EXPLANATION OF SOLUTION DESIGN AND ASSUMPTIONS:

Solution design of the problem is composed of defining main graph component which is nodes (vertices) corresponding to towns
and the graph itself. There are two approaches to solve the problem in terms of an adjacency relationship. First is using
adjacent matrix to represent all adjacency relations between all nodes and the second is adjacency list of each vertex.
The second approach is used in this solution to overcome the problem. Each vertex should have its name, a weight from its 
parent vertex, and an adjacency list to store its adjacent nodes. Graph is constructed using vertex array by taking route
input from a user. Each vertex in the vertex array stores name and list of adjacent nodes. Vertices in the adjacent list also
store name and weight from parent vertex(vertex in the vertex array). However, the adjacent list of these vertices shouldn't
be set. So they are left null. After designing this solution, Depth First Search graph algorithm is used to recursively
traverse the graph (vertex and its adjacent vertices before its sibling) to compute result of the specified problems.

1. In the first part, distance between nodes should be computed separately and accumulated as traversing through the graph.
To do this, first start vertex of a route is found in the vertex array and then its adjacent list is searched for the end
vertex. we know that each vertex in the adjacent list stores its name and weight from its parent. So by finding the end
vertex in the adjacent list of the start vertex, we can take its weight and add it to a total sum which is initially 0.
At the end, the total sum is our result.

2. In the second part, trip number between two vertices with maximum or exact qualifiers is calculated. For this, we need to
use DFS search. After taking the first vertex, we find it in the vertex array of the graph. Then its adjacent vertices are
iterated using the adjacent list. If the second vertex is found we increment trip count which is 0 at the beginning. For other
siblings we keep traversing graph using DFS and increment the trip count each time the second vertex is found. To compute for
maximum and exact marks, we also need to keep a stop count. After finding the second vertex in searching, we should check the
stop count given such that it is greater than or equals to our computed stop count plus two, since we can go away from this
vertex and come back again. If this condition satisfied we keep moving using DFS by passing this adjacent vertex as first
vertex and given second vertex as second vertex. Also for exact mark, if the computed stop count is less than the given stops
we should keep moving. If adjacent vertex is not the given second vertex, we should check if the computed stop count plus one
is less than or equal to stops given, as after one move we could catch the target. If the condition is satisfied, we then keep
going to traverse this adjacent node.

3. In the third part, shortest route length is also computed using DFS algorithm following the way explained in the second part.
Exception is if we found the second vertex given once among adjacent nodes, we compute a route up to there and stop traversing
at that point, do not go forward to traverse this adjacent vertex more. While traversing, all routes ending with the second
vertex are stored and the lowest one is chosen among them at the end.

4. In the forth part, different route number of two nodes using less than or equal distance comparator marks is computed. The
steps are the same with the second part in that DFS is used to search the graph and total distance calculated from weights
up to the found adjacent vertex which equals to the second vertex given is used instead of stops count. The logic is the same.


INSTRUCTIONS TO RUN AND TEST THE APPLICATION:

1. Make sure that JRE or JDK is installed on the test machine. If not, install the JRE or JDK with the version 1.8+.
2. Check whether current directory (.) is in the CLASSPATH environment variable. If not, add . (single dot) to the CLASSPATH variable.
3. Download the solution .zip file inside from the GitHub to any location in a file system of the test machine.
4. Extract the .zip file to a current directory or directory in other location of the file system that has an access to run the Java apps.
5. .zip file contains solution folder named TrainsAndTowns. There are src folder which contains three Java source files (Graph.java,
Main.java, Vertex.java) and README.txt text file including instructions on how to run and test the application.
Navigate to the src folder under this extracted folder using Command Prompt.
6. Run the following commands to compile and run the application.
7. javac Main.java (to compile)
8. java Main Graph: AB5, BC4, CD8, DC8, DE6, AD5, CE2, EB3, AE7 (to run)
9. After entering the above commands, the program will display the testing instructions in the command prompt and
expect the user to provide input commands for testing. Detailed testing instructions appear on the screen, but brief explanation is
as following:

d route => d A-B-C (To test the distance of the route A, B, C)
tn v1 v2 stops mark[m, e] => tn C C 3 m (To test the trip number from C to C with a maximum of 3 stops)
						  => tn A C 4 e (To test the trip number from A to C with exactly 4 stops)
shrl v1 v2 => shrl A C (To test the shortest route length from A to C)
		   => shrl B B (To test the shortest route length from B to B)
drn v1 v2 distance mark[l, e] => drn C C 30 l (To test the different route number from C to C with a distance less than 30)
							  => drn C C 30 e (To test the different route number from C to C with a distance equal to 30)
e or q => e (To exit the program)
	   => q (To exit the program)

Note: I tried to write the code that maximum eliminates input errors which can occur while providing the program with input commands.
These preventions are as follows:

1. Program testing (input commands, not program arguments) is case insensitive. For example,
d a-b-c, D A-b-C, D A-B-C, d a-b-C, tn c c 3 m, tn A c 4 e, Tn c A 4 E, TN C C 3 M, SHrl a c, SHRL B b, DRN a c 30 L, dRN B b 30 E
are all valid input commands.
2. The input commands acknowledged from the user are stored based on a space bar character. For this reason, there should be 
at least one space key character between command and its parameters in order to separate them from each other and accept as 
a single text input. Any other unnecessary white-space characters are removed from the commands and parameters while testing. 
To illustrate, d            A-b-C (d, 12 spaces, A-b-C), d  	a-b-c (d, 2 spaces 1 tab, a-b-c), tn   a	 C 4		 E 
(tn, 3 spaces, a, 1 tab 1 space, C, 1 space, 4, 2 tabs 1 space, E), TN 	C	 	C	 3		 	M 
(TN, 2 spaces, C, 1 tab 1 space 1 tab, C, 1 tab 1 space, 3, 2 tabs 1 space 1 tab, M), Shrl		   A	 			C 
(Shrl, 2 tabs 3 spaces, A, 1 tab 1 space 3 tabs, C) all are valid inputs to test the app. Pay special attention that there is at least 
one empty space between command and its parameters in each sample above. This is very important to divide inputs into two separate 
inputs as without the single space, for example, with the tab key as the input separation character between two inputs, the input is 
taken as the single input, not the two. That is, drn		c C		30	 l (drn, 2 tabs, c, space key, C, 2 tabs, 30, tab, space bar, l) 
is parsed as drn		c (1st input), C		30 (2nd input), and l (3rd input). Since there isn't such a command like "drn		c", 
the warning occurs on the screen informing the user about the wrong command and asks him/her to enter the command again. There has to be 
a space key between drn and c to separate the input into two and the tab is not considered as the separation character.
3. Program arguments that violate routing (edge) specifications are skipped and the ones that don't violate are taken as valid arguments
and the graph is constructed using valid arguments only. Regarding invalid arguments, warnings are displayed to the user on the screen.
Graph construction is done using arguments starting from the second place. 1st argument is just to provide some text to show what the
problem is related to. For instance, Graph:, Graph, or any other text. However, the other arguments should be entered as shown in the 8th
step above so as to be considered as valid arguments. That is, the last argument doesn't include comma (,), but the others have it.

END